.TH TRONCLI 1 "February 2024" "0.2.18" "TronCLI Manual"
.SH NAME
troncli \- Advanced Linux System Administration CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B troncli
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fICOMMAND\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B troncli
is a production-grade CLI and TUI for comprehensive Linux system administration.
Designed for DevOps, SREs, and SysAdmins who need reliable, idempotent,
and verifiable system modifications.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-json
Output in JSON format.
.TP
.BR \-\-yaml
Output in YAML format.
.TP
.BR \-\-quiet
Suppress output.
.TP
.BR \-\-dry-run
Simulate execution without making changes.
.TP
.BR \-\-timeout \ \fISECONDS\fR
Timeout in seconds (default: 30).
.TP
.BR \-\-verbose
Enable verbose logging.
.TP
.BR \-\-log-file \ \fIFILE\fR
Log file path (enables debug logging to file).
.TP
.BR \-\-no-color
Disable color output.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B agent
Manage background agent.
.TP
.B audit
Security auditing tools.
.TP
.B bash
Execute bash scripts or commands.
.TP
.B completion
Generate shell completion scripts.
.TP
.B container
Manage containers (Docker/Podman).
.TP
.B disk
Disk and filesystem operations.
.TP
.B doctor
System health checks.
.TP
.B firewall
Manage firewall rules (nftables).
.TP
.B group
Manage user groups.
.TP
.B network
Network configuration and diagnostics.
.TP
.B pkg
Package management (apt, dnf, apk, etc.).
.TP
.B plugin
Manage plugins.
.TP
.B process
Process monitoring and management.
.TP
.B remote
Remote execution via SSH.
.TP
.B service
Service management (systemd).
.TP
.B system
System information and profiling.
.TP
.B user
Manage users.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/troncli/config.yaml
Main configuration file.
.TP
.I ~/.config/troncli/config.yaml
User-specific configuration.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Start the TUI dashboard:
.B troncli
.TP
List system services:
.B troncli service list
.TP
Check disk health:
.B troncli disk health
.TP
Scan network ports:
.B troncli network scan --target 192.168.1.1
.SH AUTHOR
Ranlens Denck (ranlens.denck@protonmnail.com)
.SH LICENSE
MIT License
